docs/source/panel.rst, before:

Panel
=====

To draw a border around text or other renderable, construct a :class:`~rich.panel.Panel` with the renderable as the first positional argument. Here's an example::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel("Hello, [red]World!"))

You can change the style of the panel by setting the ``box`` argument to the Panel constructor. See :ref:`appendix_box` for a list of available box styles.

Panels will extend to the full width of the terminal. You can make panel *fit* the content by setting ``expand=False`` on the constructor, or by creating the Panel with :meth:`~rich.panel.Panel.fit`. For example::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel.fit("Hello, [red]World!"))

The Panel constructor accepts a ``title`` argument which will draw a title on the top of the panel, as well as a ``subtitle`` argument which will draw a subtitle on the bottom of the panel::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel("Hello, [red]World!", title="Welcome", subtitle="Thank you"))

See :class:`~rich.panel.Panel` for details how to customize Panels.

Commit message:

Add `window_size` argument to `Panel`:
When you have too many lines in a Panel the results are truncated. This new
flag allows you to anchor the text to the bottom of the panel, making it so you
can show the last N lines of content instead of the first N.

docs/source/panel.rst, after:

Panel
=====

To draw a border around text or other renderable, construct a :class:`~rich.panel.Panel` with the renderable as the first positional argument. Here's an example::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel("Hello, [red]World!"))

You can change the style of the panel by setting the ``box`` argument to the Panel constructor. See :ref:`appendix_box` for a list of available box styles.

Panels will extend to the full width of the terminal. You can make panel *fit* the content by setting ``expand=False`` on the constructor, or by creating the Panel with :meth:`~rich.panel.Panel.fit`. For example::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel.fit("Hello, [red]World!"))

The Panel constructor accepts a ``title`` argument which will draw a title on the top of the panel, as well as a ``subtitle`` argument which will draw a subtitle on the bottom of the panel::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel("Hello, [red]World!", title="Welcome", subtitle="Thank you"))

Panel contents are anchored to the top of the panel, meaning if there are too many lines to display the rest get truncated. To instead anchor the content to the bottom of the panel and always show the most recent lines, use the ``window_size`` argument::

    from rich import print
    from rich.panel import Panel
    print(Panel("\n".join(str(i) for i in range(100)), window_size=5))

The above code will print the last 5 lines from the range.

See :class:`~rich.panel.Panel` for details how to customize Panels.
